ae
i ii e ii
That's all folks I said stay in sant
and today I'm going to teach you here on tek
time again as you will do so
a face factory
I found a tutorial from him on
Portuguese so I'm going to close here for
you
Well, you'll need it from here.
it's easy to make luanda transport
room of any country to transform the
carrying the lousal dio fish and
fast stone radio in lava design
that lever on generators
I think like generator
already banned today
good there also warns you that
up to 20
Good, you'll do it like that, you'll charge
looking 3 for 3 to 1
at least two depths can be
make 50 plus female and two diesel
do with more you will bump that I think
that every part in the normal even top
on here
will play
the water
I think the guy had aids and corrective
this goes
in the troubled zone
the canvas
with holes cave in the world
shut up
the goal was a
still in it you will put a little
On the fish side you will put the
caretaker
the more faster generator goes
stay
if I want more persuade the produced
Good, you'll put the two cities there.
not yet
Then you'll finish riding.
I spoke my god to life.
performs transport which
There you go.
and put the other
here is a chest
now
kiss
fourth placed
if I put here in Berlin
Only those who put it will call him.
then you will
playing admitted joseph humans time
what gave birth
fuck
you will wait
as you go up going
carrying will be the three that goes
being from here can be a catching process
bad
But we can show the carioca left.
good as most have more generator
fast will be the creation of non- fish
like transportation is not
the fish are not over
leaving your child and you can put yourself
also geothermal gnr that today I do not
put the crisis and put there the sky goes
stay here wolf son to you in detail
but works with any player wanting
solar is you too
He's going to play the field.
and you too, poetry teacher, that
game system and avoid a furnace
direct or do not forget to let him
Stay like this, though I think
What could not be the game was nothing of that
which is going to be discussed not
will enter it more
So that 's what this is all about.
clean sheet will have as infinite everything
it then until the next